Update prerequisites.adoc (#660)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/prerequisites/prerequisites.adoc

* openSUSE Leap 15.2 and 15.3
* Ubuntu 20.04 and 22.04

> == Usermanagement, Authorization and Authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== User Management, Authorization and Authentication
```

> * openSUSE Leap 15.2 and 15.3

Reviewer: Not  openSUSE Leap 15.4?

Author: Different PR please

* Ubuntu 20.04 and 22.04

> == Authorization and Authorisation (IDP)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Authorization and Authentication (IDP)
```

Maybe Authentication is meant?

> ownCloud Infinite Scale is dependent on Open ID Connect, therefor a connection to an idendity provider (IDP) is mandatory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ownCloud Infinite Scale is dependent on Open ID Connect, therefore a connection to an identity provider (IDP) is mandatory.
```

> Konnect is included, however it has a limited scope which is recommended up to 500 users and if you do not have a central IDP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Konnect is included, however it has a limited scope and is therefore only recommended for up to 500 users and if you do not have a central IDP.
```
